Clean up clarify .NET contribute (#484)
MicrosoftDocs/Contribute: Contribute/dotnet/dotnet-contribute.md

Code snippets are small, focused examples of code that demonstrate the concepts covered in an article. Larger programs intended for download and exploration should be located in the [dotnet/samples](https://github.com/dotnet/samples) repository. Full samples are covered in the section on [Contributing to samples](#contribute-to-samples).

**Step 4:** Submit a Pull Request (PR) from your branch to the default branch.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The [comment automation](../how-to-write-workflows-major.md#review-and-sign-off) functionality is not available on any of the .NET docs repositories at this time. Members of the .NET docs team will review and merge your PR.

Each PR should usually address one issue at a time, unless multiple issues are related to the same PR fix. The PR can modify one or multiple files. If you're addressing multiple fixes on different files, separate PRs are preferred.

> If your PR fixes an existing issue, add the `Fixes #Issue_Number` keyword to the commit message or PR description. That way, the issue is automatically closed when the PR is merged. For more information, see [Closing issues via commit messages](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-via-commit-messages/).

Reviewer: If it's just in the commit message and we squash-and-merge, I'm not sure if it closes the issue. So maybe just say PR description.
```suggestion
If your PR fixes an existing issue, add the `Fixes #Issue_Number` keyword to the PR description. That way, the issue is automatically closed when the PR is merged. For more information, see [Linking a pull request to an issue using a keyword](https://docs.github.com/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword).
```

            porting.vbproj
            porting-overview.vb
            Program.vb
        /shared
          /csharp ...
          /fsharp ...
          /vb ...
```

> [!NOTE]
> The language folders under snippets are not needed in the language guide area, where only one language is assumed. For example, in the C# guide, it's assumed that all snippets are C#.

The structure shown above includes one image, *portability_report.png*, and three code projects that include **code snippets** that are included in the *porting-overview.md* article. 

> The *snippets/shared* folder is used for snippets that may span multiple articles within the same parent folder, such as the *porting* folder in the previous example. Only use the *shared* folder when you have a specific reason to do so, such as XAML code that's referenced by multiple articeles, yet can't compile in the *article-specific* folder.

Reviewer 2: >The *snippets/shared* folder is used for snippets that may span multiple articles within the same parent folder,

What about snippets that span multiple articles under different parent folders?

Author: I would say that violates the basic principle of isolation. Do the shared C# snippets do that? I think they should break down and isolate further, otherwise it seems hard to manage.

> Media can also be shared across articles when those articles are in the same parent folder, such as the *porting* folder in the previous example. This *shared* folder should only be used when you have a specific reason to do so, such as a loading screen for an app or Visual Studio dialogs.

Reviewer 2: >This *shared* folder should only be used when you have a specific reason to do so,

Does there have to be a reason other than the mere fact of use in multiple articles?

Author: Well, I was trying to communicate that we don't want to default to this behavior, it should be the exception.

```suggestion
Media can also be shared across articles when those articles are in the same parent folder, such as the *porting* folder in the previous example. This *shared* folder should be avoided if possible, and only used when it makes sense. For example, it may make sense to share a common loading screen for the app being demonstrated, or share Visual Studio dialogs that are reused across multiple articles.
```

Author: @tdykstra how is this?

Reviewer 2: That makes the intent clear, thanks.
